## Discussion

The result shows that firm's involvement does not change network characteristics of developers network in OSS projects. (Fact)

Network characteristics change is caused by participation of the developers who have no collaboration experience with project managers or other developers beforehand.

Firm's involvement does not attract or motivate other developers(who does not have previous collaboration experience) enough to make them participate in the project. That is the reason why Network characteristics does not increase with the firm's involvement.
OSS project participation is mainly defined as 4 activities.
It means, contributing to OSS consists of 4 different types which is said in many previous literature.[R, grewal 2013]
The developer who is most well contributing to the project is who write software code. Next well contribution developers are who write documentation to maintain project. The third is those who discuss in forum or mailing list, or who answer the question by users. And last is those who use OSS and ask technical question on forums.

Writing software code is the most difficult contribution. In growing OSS projects, core developers are experienced and skillful developers. Those developers derive projects to success and growing.
But the developers who can be motivated with firm's involvement are not experienced skillful developers because the developers who are well experienced enough to make OSS projects success are not eager to have career development or learning opportunities as those who are not experienced.
The developers who are motivated with firm's involvement start contributing with OSS as user of the software, then they would ask some questions and have discussion. And those kind of activities are not counted as contribution in this dataset. That's the reason of this result.
In this research, we do not take developers characteristics such as developers skill level, experience, belongings, etc into account. So we could not make valid model to asses firm's involvement effect to project network characteristics.

## Theoretical implication
