# Recent OSS
Recent years,  most commercial software firms are involving in Open Source Software(let's say OSS). It differs how firms are involving in. Most of the firms are just users of software, but some of them are sponsoring to OSS project, the others are involving as developers or owners of OSS projects. Different from some well known OSS project ran by enterprise such RedHat which is one of most famous distribution of Linux Operating System, many firms develop software for their own use and publish it as OSS for other developers in OSS community. In such trend, our research objective is to figure out how firm's involvement change the OSS project development.

# OSS Development
OSS development is mainly done by 6 steps. Firstly, Individual developer or firm publish software as Open Source or start developing software open. Then as developing theirselves, the software will become recognized by developers or firms who are interested in the similar projects. The developers who recognize the projects consider what project is for, how project work, who are involving in the projects, etcetera and decide to participate in the project development or not. Once the developer decide to participate in, he/she voluntarily pick a task and write code for it. Then requesting the project manager to merge the code into software. Manager review the request and code to decide whether accept the request or not. If rejected the code, developer can fix or modify the code again and again until the request is accepted. After merging requests several times, project owner releases new version of the software for users to test it and give feedback. This is how OSS development work. When the development is continuing in high frequency of update, it leads to the OSS project success.

When starting new projects, the motivation for individual developers and commercial firms are completely different[Bonaccorsi and Rossi 2006]. And the motivations of developers depend on the firm is involving in the project or not[Bonaccorsi 2006]. It differs between the developers having experience in the community and developers who are new to the community. New developers are more motivated with their learning opportunities and career development than who have more experience and skill and firms involvement brings those opportunities than individual developers[Rossi]. And this might lead to the OSS development communities different from developers network perspective.

In OSS research field, there are a lot of research of participation motivations of individual developers and firms. Project success research is one of the most frequently investigated topic in OSS research. But there are few research which investigated the relationship of firm's involvement and developers network and project success. In this research, we investigate how firm's involvement change the OSS project as developer network. Specifically, figuring out how firm's involvement change the network characteristics of the developers network and how it moderate the effect to project success.
