## 2.2.1 OSS Project Success
OSS success is one main topic in OSS research area which is about OSS success measures and how to assess project success.

### Success measures
In previous literature, several OSS project success measures have been proposed.
Based on OSS development and IS related field, Crowston, et al in 2006 proposed seven different OSS project success measures: system and information quality, user satisfaction, use, individual and organizational impacts, project output, process, and outcomes of project members[7]. Lee et al. in 2009 identified five different measures of OSS project success based on IS literature: software quality, use, user satisfaction, individual net benefits, community service quality. Subramaniam measured OSS project success by developer interest, user interest, program activity[15]. Some other researchers proposed to measure OSS success by measuring developers behavior. Luis et al. measured OSS success by developers loyalty[16]. Shobha used project members population as representation development community success[17].
These literature indicate that success measures are multidimensional. Grewal proposed intuitive measures of OSS project success, technical success assessed by CVS commits and commercial success which is assessed by number of download[18]. CVS is the indicator which shows how frequent the software is updated. Many researchers use CVS commits as project technical success and download as commercial success. In this research, we use number of cvs commits to measure project success.

### Relationship between OSS project success and OSS characteristics
Examining the relationship between success and other variables of OSS projects is more frequently focused in research field. Some researchers focus on relationship between projects characteristics and success. And others focus on OSS project network.
License choice is one of the most frequently researched characteristics of OSS project. Stewart[19] showed License choice and organizational sponsorship have a positive relation to developer interest to a project. Lerner and Tirole[20] showed that the more restrictive licenses are more common in projects geared toward end users, with applications such as games and desktop applications, in languages other than English, and designed for a noncommercial user environment or operating system
consistent with theory, community contributions are greater when restrictive licenses are employed. Midha and Palviab[21] conduct longitudinal analysis which examine the relationship between project technical and market success and License type.
Scacchi[22] examined the importance of software version control systems such as CVS or Subversion, for coordinating development and for mediating control over source code development when multiple developers may be working on any given portion of the code at once. They also discussed the interrelation of CVS use and email use (i.e., developers checking code into the CVS repository discuss the patches via email). Michlmayr[23] tested the importance of bug trackers to coordinate among those working on questions and answers. Lancashire[24] examined the geographical locations of Linux developers and distribution. Bonaccorsi[1] figured out that firm's involvement has positively related to project success.


## 2.2.2 OSS Project as a Network
Quite a few papers focused on OSS project as a network. Madey[25] proposed that OSS project is modeled as collaboration network. They construct network with nodes developers who are involving in the same project and each pair of nodes have a tie if they have collaboration experience beforehand. Some researchers examined the relationship between network characteristics of the OSS projects collaboration network and project success. Rajdeep[18] figured out network embeddedness of projects or project managers has positive effect on project success using collaboration network. Signh et al[26] revealed that internal cohesion of OSS project network has positively related to project success.
